docs: update migrating between projects section (#4374)
supabase/supabase: web/docs/guides/database.mdx

### Migrating between projects

> You might want to migrate older projects to a new project, e.g. to use a newer Postgres version. We don't have a well-tested migration path, but here's something you can try:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrating projects can be achieved using standard PostgreSQL tooling. This is particularly useful for older projects (e.g. to use a newer Postgres version). 
```
